track active_site
bigDataUrl	active_site.bb 
shortLabel	active site
longLabel	active site
type	bigBed

track calcium-binding_region
bigDataUrl	calcium-binding_region.bb 
shortLabel	calcium-binding region
longLabel	calcium-binding region
type	bigBed

track chain
bigDataUrl	chain.bb 
shortLabel	chain
longLabel	chain
type	bigBed

track coiled-coil_region
bigDataUrl	coiled-coil_region.bb 
shortLabel	coiled-coil region
longLabel	coiled-coil region
type	bigBed

track compositionally_biased_region
bigDataUrl	compositionally_biased_region.bb 
shortLabel	compositionally biased region
longLabel	compositionally biased region
type	bigBed

track disulfide_bond
bigDataUrl	disulfide_bond.bb 
shortLabel	disulfide bond
longLabel	disulfide bond
type	bigBed

track domain
bigDataUrl	domain.bb 
shortLabel	domain
longLabel	domain
type	bigBed

track glycosylation_site
bigDataUrl	glycosylation_site.bb 
shortLabel	glycosylation site
longLabel	glycosylation site
type	bigBed

track helix
bigDataUrl	helix.bb 
shortLabel	helix
longLabel	helix
type	bigBed

track metal_ion-binding_site
bigDataUrl	metal_ion-binding_site.bb 
shortLabel	metal ion-binding site
longLabel	metal ion-binding site
type	bigBed

track modified_residue
bigDataUrl	modified_residue.bb 
shortLabel	modified residue
longLabel	modified residue
type	bigBed

track mutagenesis_site
bigDataUrl	mutagenesis_site.bb 
shortLabel	mutagenesis site
longLabel	mutagenesis site
type	bigBed

track region_of_interest
bigDataUrl	region_of_interest.bb 
shortLabel	region of interest
longLabel	region of interest
type	bigBed

track sequence_conflict
bigDataUrl	sequence_conflict.bb 
shortLabel	sequence conflict
longLabel	sequence conflict
type	bigBed

track sequence_variant
bigDataUrl	sequence_variant.bb 
shortLabel	sequence variant
longLabel	sequence variant
type	bigBed

track short_sequence_motif
bigDataUrl	short_sequence_motif.bb 
shortLabel	short sequence motif
longLabel	short sequence motif
type	bigBed

track signal_peptide
bigDataUrl	signal_peptide.bb 
shortLabel	signal peptide
longLabel	signal peptide
type	bigBed

track site
bigDataUrl	site.bb 
shortLabel	site
longLabel	site
type	bigBed

track splice_variant
bigDataUrl	splice_variant.bb 
shortLabel	splice variant
longLabel	splice variant
type	bigBed

track strand
bigDataUrl	strand.bb 
shortLabel	strand
longLabel	strand
type	bigBed

track topological_domain
bigDataUrl	topological_domain.bb 
shortLabel	topological domain
longLabel	topological domain
type	bigBed

track transmembrane_region
bigDataUrl	transmembrane_region.bb 
shortLabel	transmembrane region
longLabel	transmembrane region
type	bigBed

track turn
bigDataUrl	turn.bb 
shortLabel	turn
longLabel	turn
type	bigBed

track zinc_finger_region
bigDataUrl	zinc_finger_region.bb 
shortLabel	zinc finger region
longLabel	zinc finger region
type	bigBed

track UTR
bigDataUrl	UTR.bb 
shortLabel	UTR
longLabel	UTR
type	bigBed

track CDS
bigDataUrl	CDS.bb 
shortLabel	CDS
longLabel	CDS
type	bigBed

track misc_feature
bigDataUrl	misc_feature.bb 
shortLabel	misc feature
longLabel	misc feature
type	bigBed

track primer_bind
bigDataUrl	primer_bind.bb 
shortLabel	primer bind
longLabel	primer bind
type	bigBed

